TBS OKTA-488936 Updates language in release notes (#3317)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2018/index.md

#### Bugs Fixed in 2018.29

> * Using the [Zones API](/docs/reference/api/zones/) to modify an existing zone that is blocked, removed the block and converted it to a normal IP Zone. (OKTA-176610)

Author: ```suggestion
* Using the [Zones API](/docs/reference/api/zones/) to modify an existing zone that is blocked, removed the zone from the blocklist and converted it to a normal IP Zone. (OKTA-176610)
```
